{: reversed="reversed"}
23. __P. Lin__, “(invited) Neuromorphic Computing with Resistive Switching Devices (ReRAM)”, *The Physics of AI, New York State Section of the American Physical Society and the 120th Topical Symposium*, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, April. 26th, 2019
22. C, Li, H. Jiang, Z. Wang, R. Midya, M. Rao, N. K. Upadyay, S. Pi, __P. Lin__, J. J. Yang, Q. Xia, “Unconventional computing with memristor crossbar arrays”, *SPIE Advanced Lithography*, San Jose, CA, Feb. 28, 2019.
21. C. Li, M. Hu, Y. Li, D. Belkin, H. Jiang, N. Ge, E. Montgomery, J. Zhang, W. Song, N. Davila, C. Graves, Z. Li, J. P. Strachan, __P. Lin__, Z. Wang, M. Barnell, Q. Wu, R. S. Williams, J. J. Yang, Q. Xia, “Analog and Neuromorphic Computing with Memristor Arrays”, *EIPBN'18*, Puerto Rico, May 29- June 1, 2018.
20. C. Li, Y. Li, H. Jiang, W. Song, __P. Lin__, Z. Wang, J. J. Yang, Q. Xia, M. Hu, E. Montgomery, J. Zhang, N. Davila, C.E. Graves, Z. Li, J.P. Strachan, R.S. Williams, N. Ge, M. Barnell, Q. Wu, “Large Memristor Crossbars for Analog Computing”, *2018 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems (ISCAS’18)*, Florence, Italy, May 27-30, 2018.
19. S. Joshi, S. Savel'ev, R. Midya, H. Jiang, W. Song, Y. Li, M. Rao, P. Yan, S. Asapu, Y. Zhuo, __P. Lin__, C. Li, J. H. Yoon, N. K. Upadhyay, M. Hu, J. P. Strachan, N. Ge, Z. Li, J. Zhang, Q. Wu, M. Barnell, H. Xin, H. Wu, R. S. Williams, Q. Xia, J. J. Yang, “Diffusive memristor based artificial synapses and neurons”, *EIPBN'18*, Puerto Rico, May 29-June 1, 2018.
18. Z. Wang, R. Midya, S. Joshi, H. Jiang, C. Li, __P. Lin__, W. Song, M. Rao, Y. Li, M. Barnell, Q. Wu, Q. Xia, J.J. Yang, “Unconventional computing with diffusive memristors”, *2018 IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems (ISCAS'18)*, Florence, Italy, May 27-30, 2018.
17. C. Li, D. Belkin, Y. Li, P. Yan, M. Hu, N. Ge, H. Jiang, E. Montgomery, __P. Lin__, Z. Wang, J. P. Strachan, M. Barnell, Q. Wu, R. S. Williams, J. J. Yang, Q. Xia, “In-Memory Computing with Memristor Arrays”, *10th International Memory Workshop International Memory Workshop (IMW’18)*, Kyoto, Japan, May 13-16, 2018.
16. R. Zhang, H. Jiang, __P. Lin__, Z. Wang, J. J. Yang, D. Zhang and Q. Xia, “Physically Unclonable Anti- Counterfeit Labels Using Nanoscale Diffusive Memristor Crossbar Arrays”, *EIPBN'17*, Orlando, FL, May 29- June 1, 2017.
15. __P. Lin__, C. Li, H. Jiang, S. Pi and Q. Xia “(invited) 3D Memristor Circuit for Neuromorphic Computing”, *EIPBN’ 17*, Orlando, FL, May 30 – Jun. 2, 2017
14. S. Pi, __P. Lin__ and Q. Xia, “Memristive Devices Scaling and Integration”, *The 15th International Conference on Nanoimprint & Nanoprint Technology*, Braga, Portugal, Sept. 26-28, 2016.
13. N. Athreyas† and __P. Lin__,†, “(invited) Emerging Nanotechnology Devices, Applications, and the Need for New EDA Tools”, *CDN Live Boston ‘16*, Boston, MA, Aug. 31, 2016
12. __P. Lin__, M. Lastras-Montaño, H. Jiang, A. Ghofrani, M. Payvand, L. Theogarajan, K. T. Cheng and Q. Xia “3D Monolithic Integration of Multiple Memrsitor Crossbar Layers with CMOS”, *42th International Conference in Micro & Nano Engineering (MNE’16)*, Vienna, Austria, Sept. 19-23, 2016
11. __P. Lin__, M. Lastras-Montaño, H. Jiang, A. Ghofrani, M. Payvand, L. Theogarajan, K. T. Cheng and Q. Xia, “3D Hybrid Memristor/CMOS Circuits with 8 Monolithically Integrated Crossbar Layers”, *EIBPN’ 16*, Pittsburgh, PA, May 31 – Jun. 3, 2016
10. S. Pi, __P. Lin__, and Q. Xia, "Scaling and Integration of Memristive Nanodevices Using Nanoimprint Lithography", *the 41th International Conference in Micro & Nano Engineering (MNE'15)*, The Hague, The Netherlands, Sept. 21-24, 2015.
9. Q. Xia, __P. Lin__, A. Ghofrani, M. Lastras, H. Jiang, M. Payvand, L. Theogarajan and K.-T. Cheng, "Monolithically Integrated Memristor/CMOS Hybrid Circuits", *The 19th Annual International Mixed-Signals, Sensors, and Systems Test Workshop (IMS3TW'14)*, Porto Alegre, Brazil, September 17-19, 2014.
8. S. Pi, __P. Lin__, H. Jiang, C. Li and Q. Xia, "Device Engineering and CMOS Integration of Nanoscale Memristors", *IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems (ISCAS'14)*, Melbourne, Australia, June 1-5, 2014.
7. __P. Lin__, and Q. Xia, "TiO2 Sol-Gel Based Memristor Crossbar Arrays with Triangular Top and Bottom Metal Electrodes", *EIPBN'14*, Washington DC, May 27-30, 2014.
6. H. Jiang, __P. Lin__, and Q. Xia, "Low-power Resistive Switching in Ultra-smooth Native AlOx Thin Films Fabricated by Template Stripping", *EIPBN'13*, Nashville, TN, May 28-31, 2013.
5. S. Pi, __P. Lin__, and Q. Xia, "Crossbar Arrays of Sub-10 nm Memristive Devices Fabricated with Nanoimprint Lithography", *EIPBN'13*, Nashville, TN, May 28-31, 2013
4. __P. Lin__, S. Pi and Q. Xia, "Integration of Planar Memristors with CMOS for Hybrid Circuits", *EIPBN'13*, Nashville, TN, May 28-31, 2013.
3. S. Pi, __P. Lin__, and Q. Xia, "Critical Dimension Control of Nanoimprint Lithography and Pattern Transfer on Sub-10 nm Scale", *NNT'12*, Napa, CA, Oct 24 - 26, 2012.
2. __P. Lin__, H. Jiang and Q. Xia, "Imprint Mold Cleaning with Polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS)", *NNT'12*, Napa, CA, Oct. 24 - 26, 2012.
1. S. Pi, __P. Lin__, and Q. Xia, "Memristor Crossbar Arrays with Junction Areas towards sub-10 x 10 nm2", *3rd Memristors and Memristive Systems Symposium & 13th International Workshop on Cellular Nanoscale Networks and their Applications (CNNA'12)*, Torino, Italy, Aug. 280-31, 2012.